 Welcome to Dungeon.			This version created 2-Dec-15.
 This is an open field west of a white house with a boarded front door.
 There is a small mailbox here.
 A rubber mat saying "Welcome to Dungeon!" lies by the door.
 > You are facing the north side of a white house.  There is no door here,
 and all the windows are barred.
 > You are behind the white house.  In one corner of the house
 there is a small window which is slightly ajar.
 > With great effort, you open the window far enough to allow entry.
 > This is the kitchen of the white house.  A table seems to have been
 used recently for the preparation of food.  A passage leads to the
 west, and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward.  To the east
 is a small window which is open.
 On the table is an elongated brown sack, smelling of hot peppers.
 A bottle is sitting on the table.
 The glass bottle contains:
   A quantity of water.
 > This is the living room.  There is a door to the east.  To the west
 is a wooden door with strange gothic lettering, which appears to be
 nailed shut.
 In the center of the room is a large oriental rug.
 There is a trophy case here.
 On hooks above the mantelpiece hangs an elvish sword of great antiquity.
 A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case.
 There is an issue of US NEWS & DUNGEON REPORT here.
 > Taken.
 > Taken.
 > The lamp is now on.
 > With a great effort, the rug is moved to one side of the room.
 With the rug moved, the dusty cover of a closed trap door appears.
 > The door reluctantly opens to reveal a rickety staircase descending
 into darkness.
 > This is a dark and damp cellar with a narrow passageway leading
 east, and a crawlway to the south.  To the west is the bottom of
 a steep metal ramp which is unclimbable.
 Above you is an open trap door.
 The door crashes shut, and you hear someone barring it.
 Your sword is glowing with a faint blue glow.
 > This is a small room with passages off in all directions.  Bloodstains
 and deep scratches (perhaps made by an axe) mar the walls.
 A nasty-looking troll, brandishing a bloody axe, blocks all passages
 out of the room.
 Your sword has begun to glow very brightly.
 > This is a small room with passages off in all directions.  Bloodstains
 and deep scratches (perhaps made by an axe) mar the walls.
 A nasty-looking troll, brandishing a bloody axe, blocks all passages
 out of the room.
 > Your score would be+  35 [total of 616 points], in   14 moves.
 This gives you the rank of Amateur Adventurer.
 Do you wish to leave the game?
 Ok.
